Upgrade notice to inform users of major change prior to 3.0.0 update (#1019)
WordPress/performance: readme.txt

== Upgrade Notice ==

= 3.0.0 =

> Starting with this release, modules such as Dominant Color Images and WebP Uploads will be available as standalone plugins. After updating, you will be able to easily migrate to this new structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with this release, modules such as Dominant Color Images and WebP Uploads are only available as standalone plugins as opposed to bundled modules. After updating, you will be able to easily migrate to this new structure.
```

> The WebP Uploads and Dominant Color Images modules will no longer be available starting with this release; instead, they'll be standalone plugins. If you're using these features, please migrate to the standalone plugins before updating.

Reviewer 2: They don't have to migrate before updating, since we have this whole migration logic in place.

So I'd just say something along the lines of:

```suggestion
Starting with this release, modules such as Dominant Color Images and WebP Uploads will be available as standalone plugins. After updating, you will be able to easily migrate to this new structure.
```
